added a new readme and licence in repo (#3)
nurdsoft/jumpstart-templates: README.md

# Jumpstart Templates

> Welcome to the Jumpstart Templates repository! This repository contains a collection of templates for various frameworks and languages to help you kickstart your projects with ease using the Jumpstart tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Jumpstart Templates! This repository contains a collection of pre-packaged templates for various frameworks and languages to help you kickstart your projects with ease using the Jumpstart CLI & VSCode extension.
```

Author: done

## Contribution Guidelines
We welcome contributions to the Jumpstart Templates repository! Follow these guidelines to contribute:

1. Fork the repository to your GitHub account.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Lets get rid of this line, its causing un-necessary line break in list items, github bug 🤔 ?

Author: daym how did that get in : | ... fixed
